andré felipe berwanger daughter for lack
Felipe is still present here
Suggestion is watered please it 's 5am
the query is that igor and sunday no 19
gold in en18 in this same is personal
look I fight not had a birth ee
may have the goal but the referee is to leave and
no symptoms of abdominal pain vomiting
athens is no longer in the story so far
It's felipe voigt that everyone around
stones on the way
in 1913 when he won nothing
even though it's green valley
it's nothing
who knows
hence it is uncertain and may even have thought of it
that's what it is
the French after he's in the shirt for
out
is our team is so a good thing
the
op
ah
then he is messi had besides him not
here I arrived here
so start writing the letter
who to look at everything and here to 1
is someone so sure as to stop when in
shirt
larger
I'm also injured because it seems like
we are sorry it said that José is the worst
this steps apprentice and then wife
Brazil is with me in the water that similar
of fruits
after the defeat to apprentice
clothes in the romances appendix themes in the
Decline offspring do not unlearn
I'm not care for it
then sesti o'young there is a dash level of
ore that sometimes shows problem is
one of the works in the images of all your
look at the time to score for that tone
It was management and storage and
rush for this coming to be attended
It's good to take us but it seems licit.
respiratory rate have to breath
lungs and lungs
auscultation has a woman who cares
and honoraria Brazil remember that the normal
OK